a brown trash bin to the left of a blue recycling bin
a group of not more than five meerkats standing with the sun setting behind them
Portrait of a tiger wearing a train conductors hat and holding a skateboard that has a yin-yang symbol on it. photograph
A punk rock platypus in a studded leather jacket shouting into a microphone while standing on a lily pad
A photo of a four-leaf clover made of water. 
a piano with Christmas lights all over it
a massive statue in a temple
a clock tower
the eye of the planet Jupiter
Portrait of a tiger wearing a train conductors hat and holding a skateboard that has a yin-yang symbol on it. color ink-and-wash drawing
the statue of Liberty next to the Washington Monument
a cube made of porcupine
a chimpanzee sitting on a wooden bench
a family of four posing on the moon
Downtown Singapore at sunrise. detailed ink wash.
a horse standing on an elephant
a painting of black and white with a red flower in the right corner
congruent triangles
To a squirrel, a dog gives an apple.
a zebra with blue stripes
a pickup truck with a horse on its left and two dogs on its right
A smiling sloth wearing a leather jacket, bowtie, kilt and cowboy hat. The sloth is holding a quarterstaff and a big book. The sloth is standing on grass a few feet in front of a rusty old VW van with flowers painted on it. wide-angle lens from below.
Two cups of coffee, one with latte art of the words "LOVE" written in one. The other has latte art of the words "PEACE" written in the other.
view of a clock tower from above
a triangle with a smiling face
a snail made of harp
a flower with a cats face in the middle
an abstract painting of the lights at Times Square
a field with ten massive modern windmills
a boat in the canals of venice
a blue semi-truck and its trailer jumping over a row of motorcycles. there are metal ramps on either side of the motorcycles. 
Portrait of a gecko wearing a train conductor’s hat and holding a flag that has a yin-yang symbol on it. Chinese ink.
a painting of the Mona Lisa with a frown
a horse running in a field
Anubis wearing sunglasses and sitting astride a hog motorcyle
a laptop screen showing a document being edited
graffiti of a rocket ship on a brick wall
Downtown Austin at sunrise. detailed ink wash.
a black towel
A giraffe walking through a green grass covered field
the grand canyon
a racoon holding a shiny red apple over its head
yin-yang
a handpalm
a painting of black and white checkerboard
Three-quarters front view of a blue 1977 Porsche 911 coming around a curve in a mountain road and looking over a green valley on a cloudy day.
a yellow t-shirt with a dog on it
a baby daikon radish in a tutu walking a dog
A photo of an Athenian vase with a painting of pandas playing tennis in the style of Egyptian hieroglyphics
a beach with apartment buildings next to it
a tuba made of flower petals
a tree growing through a fence
a racoon detective using a microscope while riding in a train
a laptop no letters on its keyboard
a large blue box
a baby penguin
a tree surrounded by flowers
a blue sports car on the road
A robot painted as graffiti on a brick wall. The words "Fly an airplane" are written on the wall. A sidewalk is in front of the wall, and grass is growing out of cracks in the concrete.
a shiba inu
golden ratio
a Styracosaurus displaying its horns
a Christmas tree on a toy train
a statue
a bird standing on a stick
an old-fashioned cocktail
tall buildings seen through a window with rain on it
a sad man with green hair
a cartoon of a house on a mountain
Portrait of a tiger wearing a train conductors hat and holding a skateboard that has a yin-yang symbol on it. woodcut
a man looking at a distant mountain
a red sphere on top of a yellow box
a super math wizard cat, richly textured oil painting
A Vietnam map showing Ha Long Bay
three chairs
a light shining on a giraffe in a street
The frog found itself in the newspaper
a sketch of a camel next to a stream
The Statue of Liberty surrounded by helicopters
a piano
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
a professional photo of a sunset behind the grand canyon
a coffee mug with an ankh symbol on it
a blue wooden pyramid on top of a red plastic box
A tornado made of tigers crashing into a skyscraper. painting in the style of watercolor.
a bottle of light beer with a lemon slice wedged in the rim
a three quarters view of a man getting into a car
a banana without its peel
a wood treehouse in an oak tree
a pig in a forest
A photo of a light bulb in outer space traveling the galaxy with a sailing boat inside the light bulb.
an airplane taking off of a runway
a pile of cash on a stone floor
a sword slicing through a loaf of bread
A set of 2x2 emoji icons with happy, angry, surprised and sobbing faces. The emoji icons look like colorful macarons. All of the macarons are wearing cowboy hats.
meaning of life
graffiti of a funny dog on a street wall
a soccer ball flying over a car
a road
The rat the cat the dog bit chased escaped.
a shoe rack without any pairs of shoes on it
a pair of headphones on a statue of a horse
The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the bottom.
a cute illustration of a horned owl with a graduation cap and diploma
a painting of a man standing under a tree
a giraffe imitating a turtle
element
an inflatable rabbit held up in the air by the geyser Old Faithful
a small house
Portrait of a gecko wearing a train conductor’s hat and holding a flag that has a yin-yang symbol on it. Comic.
A bowl of soup that looks like a monster with tofu says deep learning
a fog
A castle made of cardboard.
the Eiffel Tower
a coffee mug floating in the sky
a diagram of how the geyser Old Faithful works
a child and a penguin sitting on the moon
a horse without a rider
a robot holding a sign with "Lets PAINT" written on it
a team
Portrait of a gecko wearing a train conductor’s hat and holding a flag that has a yin-yang symbol on it. Woodcut.
A Big Ben clock towering over the city of London
Downtown Seattle at sunrise. detailed ink wash.
the moon
a family of four posing in front of a house
a bamboo ladder propped up against an oak tree
robots meditating
the Sydney Opera House
Oil-on-canvas painting of a blue night sky with roiling energy. A fuzzy and bright yellow crescent moon shining at the top. Below the exploding yellow stars and radiating swirls of blue, a distant village sits quietly on the right 
a stop sign with a blue background
a parade with cars and people waving
A tiger is playing football
a macro photograph of brain coral
a tidal wave
black hi-top sneakers with the Nike swoosh
a motorcycle parked in an ornate bank lobby
a child unraveling a roll of toilet paper
four wine bottles
A raccoon wearing formal clothes, wearing a tophat and holding a cane. The raccoon is holding a garbage bag. Oil painting in the style of pointilism.
a volcano erupting near a small town
a monarch butterfly hatching from its chrysalis
a photograph of sand with a bucket, lots of scattered shells but no sandpipers
the Eiffel Tower in a desert
A punk rock squirrel in a studded leather jacket shouting into a microphone while standing on a lily pad
The trophy doesnt fit into the brown suitcase because its too large
A boy holds and a girl paints a piece of wood.
a blue metallic sphere
a watercolor painting of a snowy owl standing in a grassy field
A city in 4-dimensional space-time
a rowboat without paddles
A wombat sits in a yellow beach chair, while sipping a martini that is on his laptop keyboard. The wombat is wearing a white panama hat and a floral Hawaiian shirt. Out-of-focus palm trees in the background.
a flock of geese in front of The Alamo
a phone
a blue wall with a large framed watercolor painting of a mountain
a portrait of a postal worker who has forgotten their mailbag
a yellow wall with a large framed oil painting of a car
a photo of the food of china
The saying "BE EXCELLENT TO EACH OTHER" written on a red brick wall with a graffiti image of a green alien wearing a tuxedo. A yellow fire hydrant is on a sidewalk in the foreground.
A helicopter flies over the Grand Canyon.
a stone path leading away from a fountain
A punk rock frog in a studded leather jacket shouting into a microphone while standing on a stump
two people facing the viewer
a corgi’s head
a black and orange yin-yang symbol with tigers heads instead of circles
Hokusais version of Animal Farm
a pair of brown suede shoes
a whale breaching near a mountain
a collection of glasses
the sun setting behind the Parthenon
a diplodocus standing in front of the Millennium Wheel
A robot gives a wombat an orange and a lemur a banana.
A black dragon perched on top of a tall Egyptian obelisk and breathing flames at a knight on the ground
an oil painting of a tree and a building
a margarita next to a napkin
The Alamo
A bowl of Pho
a pony with a shooting star on its flank
brown white and black white guinea pigs eating parsley handed to them
a red cube on top of a blue cube
a woman with long hair next to a luminescent bird
a house
a taxi driving in the countryside
vibrant portrait painting of Salvador Dalí with a robotic half face
a view of the Milllenium Wheel from the Thames
Portrait of a tiger wearing a train conductors hat and holding a skateboard that has a yin-yang symbol on it. childs crayon drawing
a pixel art corgi pizza
the skyline of New York City
an oil painting of a cat playing checkers
a crown with a ruby in its center
Sunset over the skyline of a city
several people putting their hands on a basketball
A penguin wearing aviator goggles and flying confidently next to a bemused eagle. 
a cat playing checkers
a river with people swimming in it as a boat goes by
a nerdy bear wearing glasses and a bowtie
a clock
a boat with BLUE GROOVE written on its hull
a yellow fire hydrant in grass
a photograph of a house on a mountain
a concert without any fans
a ceiling fan
a map of Texas
a pumpkin with a candle in it
view of the Great Wall from its base
a cat reading a book
five frosted glass bottles
a snowy owl standing in a grassy field
a horse corral with tigers standing in each stall
a stone bust next to an egg and an eggplant
red and yellow balloons hanging from a ceiling fan
A photo of a panda made of water.
The Great Pyramid of Giza situated in front of Mount Everest
A funny Rube Goldberg machine made out of metal
Anime illustration of a kangaroo holding a sign that says "Starry Night", in front of the Sydney Opera House sitting next to the Eiffel Tower under a blue night sky of roiling energy 
a dragon breathing fire
two runners crossing the finish line together
the silhouette of the Milllenium Wheel at dusk
a monarch butterfly
a man standing on a street corner
A punk rock squirrel in a studded leather jacket shouting into a microphone while standing on a boulder
an oil painting of a hamster dragon
A photo of an astronaut riding a horse in the forest. There is a river in front of them with water lilies.
a painting of ten children on a couch
an elderly woman with straight hair and metal-rimmed glasses
the word mardefly on a coffee mug
weeds in the cracks of a sidewalk
a flying boat gliding past the Parthenon
four people riding in a convertible car
Renaissance portrayals of the Virgin Mary, seated in a loggia. Behind her is a hazy and seemingly isolated landscape imagined by the artist and painted using sfumato.
a bottle of beer next to an ashtray with a half-smoked cigarrette
a dog wearing a baseball cap backwards and writing BONEZ on a chalkboard
a young badger delicately sniffing a yellow rose, richly textured oil painting
an eagle
a man wearing sunglasses and business suit
a child eating a birthday cake near some palm trees
a cat sitting in a car seat
two baseballs next to three tennis balls
Portrait of a gecko wearing a train conductor’s hat and holding a flag that has a yin-yang symbol on it. Marble statue.
a stone path
a tennis court with a basketball hoop in one corner
two violins standing up with their bows on the ground in front of them
a turkey
a tuba with red flowers protruding from its bell
a fairy flying over a girls shoulder
Portrait of a gecko wearing a train conductor’s hat and holding a flag that has a yin-yang symbol on it. Charcoal.
a white cat and a tabby cat looking at each other
Tibetan priests ringing a bell
a harp
a kangaroo
the letters P A X forming a very simple outline of an elephants shape.  the elephant is facing left. vector art, orange logo.
A glass of red wine tipped over on a couch, with a stain that writes "OOPS" on the couch.
